we're running out of time you've seen
what's happening out there
five
[Music]
I can handle zombies show up eventually
that's what I'm afraid of
they took you because you're immune
a plague that's wiping out the human
race they think you're worth sacrificing
to find a cure we'll never stop moving
stop that the last city critical base of
operations mr. Lyons dinner bottle -
people going three years we spent behind
wolves trying to break out now we're
trying to break back in all right I get
shotgun
the world is dying
if we find a cure that's the only way
all this was worth it to regret are you
just us
I did what I thought was right there's
no guarantee we make it back from this
don't we stop this together
there's where I'll end it that way too
you still care about it don't you lie to
me
I'm gonna Cates beneath around uh
torture kill when the hell does it stop
it stops holy find a cure
[Music]
Thomas you can save your friends or you
can save us all
[Music]
please three years we spent behind walls
trying to break out and now we want to
break back in I get shotgun
[Music]
you can't save everyone cost
I could try
[Music]
when the hell does it stop it stops when
we find a cure there is no cure
Thomas you can save your friends or you
can save us all
[Music]
best